Update README.md (#77)
GloriousEggroll/proton-ge-custom: README.md

- DXVK patched with Async, which can be toggled with DXVK_ASYNC=1
- Additional media foundation patches for better video playback support
- AMD FSR patches added directly to fullscreen hack that can be toggled with WINE_FULLSCREEN_FSR=1
- FSR Fake resolution patch details [here](https://github.com/GloriousEggroll/proton-ge-custom/pull/52)
- Nvidia CUDA support for PhysX and NVAPI
- Raw input mouse support
- 'protonfixes' system -- this is an automated system that applies per-game fixes (such as winetricks, envvars, EAC workarounds, overrides, etc).
- Various upstream WINE patches backported
- Various wine-staging patches applied as they become needed

## Notes

- Warframe is problematic with VSync. Turn it off or on in game, do not set to `Auto`
- Warframe needs a set a frame limit in game. Unlimited framerate can cause slowdowns
- Warframe on NVIDIA: you may need to disable GPU Particles in game otherwise the game can freeze randomly. On AMD they work fine

Full patches can be viewed in [protonprep-valve-staging.sh](patches/protonprep-valve-staging.sh).

## Installation

PLEASE NOTE: There are prerequisites for using this version of proton:

> 1. You must have the proper Vulkan drivers/packages installed on your system. VKD3D on AMD requires Mesa 22.0.0 or higher for the VK_KHR_dynamic_rendering extension. See https://github.com/lutris/docs/blob/master/InstallingDrivers.md for general driver installation guidance.

Reviewer: If we are already using hyperlinks e.g. [here in line 60](https://github.com/orowith2os/proton-ge-custom/blob/improve-readme/README.md?plain=1#L60), we could make use of them here too:

```suggestion
1. You must have the proper Vulkan drivers/packages installed on your system. VKD3D on AMD requires Mesa 22.0.0 or higher for the VK_KHR_dynamic_rendering extension. Check [here ](https://github.com/lutris/docs/blob/master/InstallingDrivers.md) for general driver installation guidance.
```
